we already saw this stimulator note
professional 2013 an experience that without
doubt will be unforgettable and who better to
tell us about this that Carlos Leonel
trucco a man who is spoiled by you
very good soccer very personally
dear carlos because consented you can
confuse we love you so much in this
nothing program I love you very much
you are many years here with people
pachuca either 19 years here and good
Well, now in front of one of the
good projects already from one of the
most important realizations of the pri of
soccer pachuca the simulator that is a
adventure that we always say is
unforgettable for kids children will be true
that is something nice for all the guys
that they can live that they can participate and
that can go a little bit in those
six days the steps that he touched us for
luck of some trainers that
we had and they saw us on our way to
become professionals and be in
a concentration what we want with
they are as we always comment it is
that parents bring them so let us
they leave children
they want to be and demonstrate that division and
to get to ask for something to repeat what
it was our turn in the past to do
there will be that these dads or children who are
interested in being part of the simulator
professional but they have some
doubts and perhaps many of those that to me
have commented if they already play soccer
you can see that I do not know no no no this
they play soccer and they are good players
they have soccer school they have
basic forces where they are only
selected the best ones can have
access but what about the vast majority
that are amateurs in fifa the 97.8 by
one hundred percent of all abstentions of
all of world football the 97.8 by
One hundred is fond only in that little
rest
so who is dedicated to the part of the
amateur who also has the division
and to be able to get there we have seen
this is the opportunity to give the
guys this and he
projected we have worked and we have done
manuals so that if there is a guy or a
group of guys that have a capacity
high we put it we selected them
within the same city simulator for
that you give them that they have that kind of
situations apart
We do not do any kind of d
of changes for nothing the guys that to
Over the years we have seen that
guys who have a little less than
capabilities do not leave as much power as you
you say you can play them show
their levels with others of their own
levels and be able to show the saturday
also with its similar how can
make a match and be able to evoke in a
party that his parents enter as they are
accredited within the field and can
see also reflected in that illusion
that many times we want to step on some
main stadium and we can not do it
why
the capabilities of say that for this
group of leads is only this
we have integrated all that is very
interesting in the professional simulator
or what attracts the most of the simulator
staff is they live they sleep train
they coexist in order do everything as a
real professional soccer player
well, well, this is guided by
people who are professionals when
little yes yes yes good one is the front
it was good for me to play at a level that
you know but
and the guys who are with me too
they are professionals who know that
they know well they have been coaches in
some cases there are doctors know
psychologists
nutritionists
has days of accompaniments there are 144
Pending people of the guys
the day to day of the simulator and that makes
that the difference is totally
other than to be seen that is
see as professionals what happens is
which is a replica besides what do you
they can be the replica of what has
touched live in different countries when
one is concentrated for a cup of
world like this cost a cup
liberators or a promotion championship
Anywhere
then that replica makes everyone
all the follow-ups that you're going
giving is regardless of age without
import capacity be for all
same some dads stay with certain
pending that there is a group of
very large accompaniment
they do not need to be aware of the mother
mom are the ones that are sometimes wanting
to see what happens through the web can
be watching everything that happens more
boy and apart there are some phones for
that they can communicate and that they can
to be
with the area of ​​psychopedagogy is that of
the operational liaison that gives them all
the all the goods to see the guys
On Saturday, they will enter the web
and they know in what place at what time
the climate allows it and a deluge does not fall
like that lately has been falling
if the weather allows it there and they go
determining the schedules by categories
when will they be in the stadium
when can they pick them up
everything planned to the detail
what interesting and what adventure will they have
the boys and girls in the simulator
Professional 2013 where you can have more
reports a page on facebook
Dotcom efe
first go to the page of the
sport football player university
on the right side they will find
professional simulator have to give
click on that place a window opens
where they are given to guide in the processes of
inscription
there they are where the
chips as they have to do them and
then a license plate is given that
registration they have to start calling
a
to some telephones where they give to
corroborate everything and in case there is
doubt also in those phones
customer service that we give
we call
in all the doubts is more we have a
simulator facebook page too
professional of the juice of the club pachuca and
another on twitter that is newly created
with the communication guys that we
are helping in all this that
pro simulator
and there we are
attending in all the doubts prives
they come to moms especially not
where we suffer the most good well there
there is the cordial intention to be part
of the professional simulator 2013 and
thank you very much for having us
accompanied as always to your soccer and
true that they will have no doubt in
enroll in the own simulator in
2013 an unforgettable adventure let's go
to a continuous promotional cut with
we have even more in your other